Unity SDK docs, phase 1 (#199)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/unity/reference/EventManager.md

last_update:
  date: 28 December 2023
---

The Unity SDK class `TezosSDK.Beacon.WalletEventManager`, which is available at runtime as the `TezosManager.Instance.EventManager` object, provides events that you can add listeners to.

These events are asynchronous.
For example, if your project makes multiple calls to smart contracts, the `ContractCallCompleted` event runs multiple times, not necessarily in the order that you called the contracts.

## Example

This code adds a listener for the `WalletConnected` and `WalletDisconnected` events:

```csharp
private void Start()
{
    TezosManager.Instance.EventManager.WalletConnected += OnWalletConnected;
    TezosManager.Instance.EventManager.WalletDisconnected += OnWalletDisconnected;
}

private void OnWalletConnected(WalletInfo walletInfo)
{
    Debug.Log(walletInfo.Address);
}

private void OnWalletDisconnected(WalletInfo walletInfo)
{
    Debug.Log(walletInfo.Address);
    Debug.Log("Wallet disconnected.");
}
```

## Events

### `public event Action<WalletInfo> WalletConnected`

Runs when a wallet connects successfully.
Returns a `TezosSDK.Beacon.WalletInfo` object with information that includes the address of the connected account.

> ### `public event Action<ErrorInfo> AccountConnectionFailed`
> 
> Runs when a connection to an account fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `public event Action<ErrorInfo> WalletConnectionFailed`

Runs when a connection to a wallet fails.
```
